.\"
.\" This manpage is a part of __PROGRAM_NAME__ __PROGRAM_VERSION__
.\"
.\" __PROGRAM_COPYRIGHT__ __PROGRAM_AUTHOR__ __PROGRAM_AUTHOR_EMAIL__
.\"
.\" This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.\"

.TH __PROGRAM_NAME__ "5" "__PROGRAM_DATE__" "__PROGRAM_NAME__ __PROGRAM_VERSION__" "File Formats"

.SH NAME

__FNAME_ETC_CONFIG__ \- __PROGRAM_NAME__ configuration for all users

.SH DESCRIPTION

The configuration file has format as several lines separated by
newlines with a pair on every line in the format

.PP
  key=value

The program at first uses the general file from
.I __DNAME_ETC_CONFIG__/__FNAME_ETC_CONFIG__
to set its configuration and then uses the second file
.I __DNAME_HOME_CONFIG__/__FNAME_HOME_CONFIG__
edited by the user to override key-value pairs.

.PP
These keys are available:

.TP
.B key
Key description.
.br
By deafult it is
.I default value

.SH EXAMPLE

.PP
Example description.

.nf
    key1=value1
    key2=value2
.fi

.SH AUTHOR

Written by __PROGRAM_AUTHOR__

.SH "REPORTING BUGS"

Go to the project site __PROGRAM_SITE__ and make a topic about bug or send a message to E-mail __PROGRAM_AUTHOR_EMAIL__.

.SH COPYRIGHT

__PROGRAM_COPYRIGHT__ __PROGRAM_AUTHOR__ __PROGRAM_AUTHOR_EMAIL__
.br
__PROGRAM_LICENSE__

.SH FILES

.TP
\fI __DNAME_ETC_CONFIG__/__FNAME_ETC_CONFIG__ \fR
configuration for all users

.TP
\fI __DNAME_HOME_CONFIG__/__FNAME_HOME_CONFIG__ \fR
configuration for the current user

.SH "SEE ALSO"

.BR __PROGRAM_NAME__ (1)
