.\"
.\" This manpage is a part of __PROGRAM_NAME__ __PROGRAM_VERSION__
.\"
.\" __PROGRAM_COPYRIGHT__ __PROGRAM_AUTHOR__ __PROGRAM_AUTHOR_EMAIL__
.\"
.\" This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.\"

.TH __PROGRAM_NAME__ "1" "__PROGRAM_DATE__" "__PROGRAM_NAME__ __PROGRAM_VERSION__" "User Commands"

.SH NAME

__PROGRAM_NAME__ \- loads screenshots from the first post of a given topic on site __SITE_ADDRESS__.

.SH SYNOPSIS

.B __PROGRAM_NAME__.sh
topic_url [ output_directory=. ]

.SH DESCRIPTION

.PP
Load screenshots from the first post of a given topic on site __SITE_ADDRESS__ and save the screenshots to the given directory. If directory is not given, then save the screenshots to the current directory.

.PP
Usually, a topic has many screenshots (tens, hundreds) and viewing them in a browser is slow. So, you cannot view all screenshots in one time and you should remember, which screenshots you have viewed and which you have not yet. By this program you can load all screenshots to a local directory and view them quickly in an image viewer and change them if you want remember where you stopped.

.PP
After selecting screenshots which you like, you may load from the topic a torrent file with a list of videos and select in the list only those videos for downloading, which screenshots you liked.

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
\fB\-\-version\fR
print the program version

.SH AUTHOR

Written by __PROGRAM_AUTHOR__

.SH "REPORTING BUGS"

Go to the project site __PROGRAM_SITE__ and make a topic about bug or send a message to E-mail __PROGRAM_AUTHOR_EMAIL__.

.SH COPYRIGHT

__PROGRAM_COPYRIGHT__ __PROGRAM_AUTHOR__ __PROGRAM_AUTHOR_EMAIL__
.br
__PROGRAM_LICENSE__

.SH FILES

No files.

.SH "SEE ALSO"

No info.
